it is 13 GMT that's 3 p.m. in Gaza where
Israel continues targeting residential
areas despite international calls for a
ceasefire gaza's Health Ministry says at
least 16 Palestinians were killed and 75
wounded after Israeli strikes hit the
jabalia refugee camp in Northern Gaza
once again at 1.4 km it is the largest
of the eight camps with some
116,000 registered refugees on Sunday
more than 90 people were killed here
when a United Nations run School housing
displaced families was hit more than
19,600 Palestinians have been killed so
far in Israel's war on Gaza aer's anass
Sharif was there right after the attack
a warning some of the footage may be
distressing to
[Music]
viewers Israel's Relentless aerial
bombardment of the Gaza Strip continues
uninterrupted as we speak Israeli war
planes have carried out intense attacks
on Jabara refugee
camp people are doing everything they
can to help each other dozens of
Palestinians were killed and many more
injured in the strikes as you can
see the residential neighborhood was
targeted as we head to the scene you can
see the extent of the damage and also
some of the victims who have
fallen Allah here are victims lying on
the
ground many have been killed bodies
ripped apart even animals aren't
spared the scale of the destruction is
massive as this area was purposely
bombed by Israeli fighter
jet bodies are
everywhere this is beyond
description here the body of a woman is
being recovered and placed on this
donkey
[Music]
car this is a massacre dozens were
killed hundreds injured and many are
still missing buried under the debris
dozens were killed many more missing
this is a residential area and we are
all peaceful civilians many of us were
venturing out to try to find some
food where are those who speak of Human
Rights look at all these civilians
killed in a residential area more than
100 are still missing this is our life
here in the jabalia refugee
camp you can see pools of blood the
blood of all victims those who were
killed or injured in the
attack massive destruction
total damage even animals are not
spared our cameras are documenting this
killing of civilians as the Israeli
occupation forces carrying out war
crimes against people in jabalia refugee
camp dozens were killed and
injured
alaz Israel is continuing to expand its
offensive and target areas in the south
of the strip at least 30 Palestinians
have been killed in two attacks on
residential buildings in ra women and
children make up the majority of those
killed one of them was a baby several of
the Wounded were taken to the Kuwait
Hospital one of the few still
functioning Israeli Army has been
bombing Southern Gaza in recent weeks
after forcing Palestinians to move there
from the north saying it was for their
safety well for those displaced by the
bombing conditions are extremely harsh
this was the scene at a distribution
center in Rafa where a charity was
giving out food to hundreds of people
hundreds of thousands of displaced
people have converged on the southern
city which has little capacity to supply
them with the food water and medicine
they need nearly 85% of the population
have been forced from their homes Let's
cross now to Han Mahmud who's in Rafa
force and Hy uh you're at the food
distribution uh Center there pretty
desperate situation tell us what you've
been
seeing
uh yes hasim not only in that the food
distribution Point better known in rafah
has the tikia or it's an equivalent to a
a soup kitchen uh in other places but
that place where where where we reported
it from where thousand of people queed
and line and and when we talk to some of
them they some of them have been uh uh
since early hours of the morning just
secure a place in the queue in order to
not to M their their daily and only meal
that they get it from uh that tea or the
food distribution uh point in ra this is
not the only place that offer those a
free meal across ra there are uh uh four
more points and they are coordinated by
the same uh person who runs this through
volunteers and contributions from from
people who are still have the financial
capabilities and other organization who
support this kind of work to show a
compassion and a strength the kind
of work the kind of efforts that we see
at this particularly difficult time but
the fact that there are thousand people
acced for that ball of soup shows the
the desperate situations uh people are
living through the hardship that they
have they experience every single day uh
at the same time there is still ongoing
bombardment of of of the area now the ra
has have been targeted repeatedly and
early hour of this morning with see
three residential home were targeted and
more people are becoming displaced and
more people are killed as as of of the
situations play itself themselves out as
of
now har Mahmud life there in Raa thank
you